OSDOCS-15169 created z-stream release notes (#95728)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.17.35 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-17-35-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Enhancement

[id="ocp-4-17-35-loopback-expiration-date_{context}"]
===== loopback certificate expiration date extended

* This enhancement extends the expiration date of the self-signed `loopback` certificate for the Kubernetes API Server from one year to three years. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57196[OCPBUGS-57196])

[id="ocp-4-17-35-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, the `oc adm node-image create` command incorrectly modified the existing permissions of the target assets folder when the command saved the artifacts on the disk. With this release, a bug fix ensures that the copying operation for the command preserves the destination folder permissions. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58091[OCPBUGS-58091])

> * Previously, when installing into an existing virtual private cloud (VPC) on {aws-first}, a potential mismatch could occur in the subnet information in the {aws-short} Availability Zone between the machine set custom resources for control plane nodes and their corresponding {aws-short} EC2 instances. As a consequence, where the control plane nodes were spread across three Availability Zones and one was recreated, the discrepancy could result in an unbalanced control plane as two nodes occurred within the same Availability Zone. With this release, the subnet Availability Zone information in the machine set custom resources and in the EC2 instances now match and the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57293[OCPBUGS-57293])

Reviewer: Not worth holding back the merge. [Per ISG: Use re-create](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#r), which refers to creating again, not recreate, which refers to taking recreation.
```suggestion
* Previously, when installing into an existing virtual private cloud (VPC) on {aws-first}, a potential mismatch could occur in the subnet information in the {aws-short} Availability Zone between the machine set custom resources for control plane nodes and their corresponding {aws-short} EC2 instances. As a consequence, where the control plane nodes were spread across three Availability Zones and one was re-created, the discrepancy could result in an unbalanced control plane as two nodes occurred within the same Availability Zone. With this release, the subnet Availability Zone information in the machine set custom resources and in the EC2 instances now match and the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57293[OCPBUGS-57293])
```
